hi I'm Mary Rogers and this is the
Cuisinart cast-iron fondue set who
doesn't like to make fondue it's so much
fun whether you're making cheese or
chocolate or even a fried fondue
the great thing about these cast-iron
pieces is that you take this directly to
the stove and you prepare your fondue
and then you're able to bring it back to
the stainless steel stand and keep it
nice and hot this cast-iron retains heat
really well it comes with your
color-coded Forks so you can keep track
of whose Fork is whose comes with the
splatter guard and also has notches as
you notice which allow you to you know
put your fondue fork in there there's
lots of great things that you can use
for fondue whether it's cheese like we
made today this happens to be some
pepperoni some bread and some apples
some other great things that I like to
use our fresh vegetables like broccoli
or asparagus and sometimes people even
like to try a little raw onion and don't
forget when you're doing your chocolate
fondue to use strawberries and things
like pretzels or even some dried fruit
the other thing that the fondue pot
comes with is this dual fuel burner set
so you're able to use alcohol chafing
gel or standard two ounce sternos so
this is multiple pieces and it also when
you you can close this off and control
the amount of the flame so that's that
and today we actually like I mentioned
made some cheese fondue I'm just going
to dip a little bit in here show you how
easy it is after we've cooked it okay
I'm gonna just use another little fork
like I mentioned there's multiple types
of fondues that you can make it's a
great fun thing to do the real benefit
of having the ability to use the cast
iron does a great job also retaining the
heat when you bring
back to the stand and then you can just
maintain the heat with the fuel source
what couldn't be more fun than having a
great fondue party on a cold winter's
night with your family and friends